you
you a good name is better than precious
a good name is better than precious
a good name is better than precious ointment and the day of death than the
ointment and the day of death than the
ointment and the day of death than the day of one's birth better to go to the
day of one's birth better to go to the
day of one's birth better to go to the house of mourning than to go to the
house of mourning than to go to the
house of mourning than to go to the house of feasting for that is the end of
house of feasting for that is the end of
house of feasting for that is the end of all men and the living will take it to
all men and the living will take it to
all men and the living will take it to heart sorrow is better than laughter for
heart sorrow is better than laughter for
heart sorrow is better than laughter for by a sad countenance the heart is made
by a sad countenance the heart is made
by a sad countenance the heart is made better the heart of the wise is in the
better the heart of the wise is in the
better the heart of the wise is in the house of mourning but the heart of fools
house of mourning but the heart of fools
house of mourning but the heart of fools is in the house of mirth it is better to
is in the house of mirth it is better to
is in the house of mirth it is better to hear the rebuke of the wise than for a
hear the rebuke of the wise than for a
hear the rebuke of the wise than for a man to hear the song of fools for like
man to hear the song of fools for like
man to hear the song of fools for like the crackling of thorns under a pot so
the crackling of thorns under a pot so
the crackling of thorns under a pot so is the laughter of the fool this also is
is the laughter of the fool this also is
is the laughter of the fool this also is vanity
vanity
vanity surely oppression destroys a wise man's
surely oppression destroys a wise man's
surely oppression destroys a wise man's reason and a bribe debases the heart the
reason and a bribe debases the heart the
reason and a bribe debases the heart the end of a thing is better than its
end of a thing is better than its
end of a thing is better than its beginning the patient in spirit is
beginning the patient in spirit is
beginning the patient in spirit is better than the proud in spirits do not
better than the proud in spirits do not
better than the proud in spirits do not hasten in your spirit to be angry for
hasten in your spirit to be angry for
hasten in your spirit to be angry for anger rests in the bosom of fools do not
anger rests in the bosom of fools do not
anger rests in the bosom of fools do not say why were the former days better than
say why were the former days better than
say why were the former days better than these for you do not inquire wisely
these for you do not inquire wisely
these for you do not inquire wisely concerning this wisdom is good with an
concerning this wisdom is good with an
concerning this wisdom is good with an inheritance and profitable to those who
inheritance and profitable to those who
inheritance and profitable to those who see the Sun for wisdom is a defence as
see the Sun for wisdom is a defence as
see the Sun for wisdom is a defence as money is a defense but the excellence of
money is a defense but the excellence of
money is a defense but the excellence of knowledge is that wisdom gives life to
knowledge is that wisdom gives life to
knowledge is that wisdom gives life to those who have it consider the work of
those who have it consider the work of
those who have it consider the work of God for who can make straight what he
God for who can make straight what he
God for who can make straight what he has made crooked in the day of
has made crooked in the day of
has made crooked in the day of prosperity be joyful but in the day of
prosperity be joyful but in the day of
prosperity be joyful but in the day of adversity consider surely God has
adversity consider surely God has
adversity consider surely God has appointed the one as well as the other
appointed the one as well as the other
appointed the one as well as the other so that man can find out nothing that
so that man can find out nothing that
so that man can find out nothing that will come after him
will come after him
will come after him I have seen everything in my days of
I have seen everything in my days of
I have seen everything in my days of vanity there is a just man who perishes
vanity there is a just man who perishes
vanity there is a just man who perishes in his righteousness and there is a
in his righteousness and there is a
in his righteousness and there is a wicked man who prolongs life in his
wicked man who prolongs life in his
wicked man who prolongs life in his wickedness do not be overly righteous
wickedness do not be overly righteous
wickedness do not be overly righteous not the overly wise why should you
not the overly wise why should you
not the overly wise why should you destroy yourself do not be overly wicked
destroy yourself do not be overly wicked
destroy yourself do not be overly wicked nor be foolish why should you die before
nor be foolish why should you die before
nor be foolish why should you die before your time it is good that you grasp this
your time it is good that you grasp this
your time it is good that you grasp this and also not remove your hand from the
and also not remove your hand from the
and also not remove your hand from the other for he who fears God will escape
other for he who fears God will escape
other for he who fears God will escape them all wisdom strengthens the wise
them all wisdom strengthens the wise
them all wisdom strengthens the wise more than 10 rulers of the city for
more than 10 rulers of the city for
more than 10 rulers of the city for there is not a just man on earth who
there is not a just man on earth who
there is not a just man on earth who does good and does not sin also do not
does good and does not sin also do not
does good and does not sin also do not take to heart everything people say lest
take to heart everything people say lest
take to heart everything people say lest you hear your servant cursing you for
you hear your servant cursing you for
you hear your servant cursing you for many times also your own heart is known
many times also your own heart is known
many times also your own heart is known that even you have cursed others all
that even you have cursed others all
that even you have cursed others all this I have proved by wisdom I said I
this I have proved by wisdom I said I
this I have proved by wisdom I said I will be wise but it was far from me as
will be wise but it was far from me as
will be wise but it was far from me as for that which is far off an exceedingly
for that which is far off an exceedingly
for that which is far off an exceedingly deep who can find it out I applied my
deep who can find it out I applied my
deep who can find it out I applied my heart to know to search and seek out
heart to know to search and seek out
heart to know to search and seek out wisdom and the reason of things to know
wisdom and the reason of things to know
wisdom and the reason of things to know the wickedness of folly even of
the wickedness of folly even of
the wickedness of folly even of foolishness and madness and I find more
foolishness and madness and I find more
foolishness and madness and I find more bitter than death the woman whose heart
bitter than death the woman whose heart
bitter than death the woman whose heart is snares and nets whose hands are
is snares and nets whose hands are
is snares and nets whose hands are fetters he who pleases God shall escape
fetters he who pleases God shall escape
fetters he who pleases God shall escape from her but the sinner shall be trapped
from her but the sinner shall be trapped
from her but the sinner shall be trapped by her
by her
by her here is what I have found says the
here is what I have found says the
here is what I have found says the preacher adding one thing to the other
preacher adding one thing to the other
preacher adding one thing to the other to find out the reason which my soul
to find out the reason which my soul
to find out the reason which my soul still seeks but I cannot find one man
still seeks but I cannot find one man
still seeks but I cannot find one man among a thousand I have found but a
among a thousand I have found but a
among a thousand I have found but a woman among all these I have not found
woman among all these I have not found
woman among all these I have not found truly this only I have found that God
truly this only I have found that God
truly this only I have found that God made man upright that they have sought
made man upright that they have sought
made man upright that they have sought out many schemes
out many schemes
out many schemes [Music]